mtls: SPIRE server and agent installation (#24765)
cilium-team/cilium: install/kubernetes/cilium/README.md

| aksbyocni.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable AKS BYOCNI integration. Note that this is incompatible with AKS clusters not created in BYOCNI mode: use Azure integration (`azure.enabled`) instead. |
| alibabacloud.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable AlibabaCloud ENI integration |
| annotateK8sNode | bool | `false` | Annotate k8s node upon initialization with Cilium's metadata. |

> | auth.mTLS.port | int | `4250` | Port on the agent which is used to mTLS handshakes on |

Reviewer: @sayboras Would this be equally accurate?
```suggestion
| auth.mTLS.port | int | `4250` | Port on the agent used for mTLS handshakes |
```

Reviewer 2: I think this is generated from helm-values.rst. I made a suggestion there.

| auth.mTLS.spire.adminSocketPath | string | `"/run/spire/sockets/admin.sock"` | SPIRE socket path where the SPIRE delegated api agent is listening |

> | auth.mTLS.spire.agentSocketPath | string | `"/run/spire/sockets/agent/agent.sock"` | SPIRE socket path where the SPIRE workload agent is listening Applies to both the Cilium Agent and Operator |

Reviewer: Resolve fragments
```suggestion
| auth.mTLS.spire.agentSocketPath | string | `"/run/spire/sockets/agent/agent.sock"` | SPIRE socket path where the SPIRE workload agent is listening; applies to both the Cilium Agent and Operator |
```

| auth.mTLS.spire.connectionTimeout | string | `"30s"` | SPIRE connection timeout |
| auth.mTLS.spire.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable SPIRE integration |
| auth.mTLS.spire.identities | object | `{"ciliumAgent":"cilium-agent","ciliumOperator":"cilium-operator","delegatedClient":"dclient"}` | Identity paths for the SPIFFE URLs, without suffix / SPIFFE URLs will look like spiffe://trust-domain/identity |
| auth.mTLS.spire.install | object | `{"enabled":false,"namespace":"cilium-spire"}` | Settings to control the SPIRE installation and configuration |

> | auth.mTLS.spire.install.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable SPIRE installation Note that this will only take effect if auth.mTLS.enabled is true |

Reviewer: Clarity nit
```suggestion
| auth.mTLS.spire.install.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable SPIRE installation; this will only take effect if auth.mTLS.enabled is true |
```
